Use custom address for port forwarding (#6766)
redhat-developer/odo: docs/website/docs/command-reference/dev.md

odo dev --var USER=john --var-file config.vars
```

### Using custom port mapping for port forwarding
To define a custom port mapping for port forwarding with the help of `--port-forward` flag. This feature is supported on both podman and cluster.

> This feature can be helpful when you want to provide a consistent and predictable port numbers and avoid being assigned a random port number every time `odo dev` is run.

Reviewer: The default ports assigned are not that random:

```suggestion
This feature can be helpful when you want to provide consistent and predictable port numbers and avoid being assigned a potentially different port number every time `odo dev` is run.
```

```

<details>
<summary>Example</summary>

```shell
$ odo dev --port-forward 3000:runtime:3000 --port-forward 5000:5858 --debug
  __
 /  \__     Developing using the "my-nodejs-app" Devfile
 \__/  \    Namespace: default
 /  \__/    odo version: v3.9.0
 \__/

 ⚠  You are using "default" namespace, odo may not work as expected in the default namespace.
 ⚠  You may set a new namespace by running `odo create namespace <name>`, or set an existing one by running `odo set namespace <name>`

↪ Running on the cluster in Dev mode
 •  Waiting for Kubernetes resources  ...
 ⚠  Pod is Pending
 ✓  Pod is Running
 ✓  Syncing files into the container [152ms]
 ✓  Building your application in container (command: install) [27s]
 •  Executing the application (command: debug)  ...
 ✓  Waiting for the application to be ready [1s]
 -  Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:8000 -> 3000

 -  Forwarding from 127.0.0.1:5000 -> 5858

↪ Dev mode
 Status:
 Watching for changes in the current directory /tmp/nodejs-debug-2

 Keyboard Commands:
[Ctrl+c] - Exit and delete resources from the cluster
     [p] - Manually apply local changes to the application on the cluster
```
</details>

> Note that `--random-port` flag cannot be used with `--port-forward` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that `--random-ports` flag cannot be used with `--port-forward` flag.
```

```shell
$ odo dev --address 127.0.10.3
  __
 /  \__     Developing using the "my-nodejs-app" Devfile
 \__/  \    Namespace: default
 /  \__/    odo version: v3.9.0
 \__/

 ⚠  You are using "default" namespace, odo may not work as expected in the default namespace.
 ⚠  You may set a new namespace by running `odo create namespace <name>`, or set an existing one by running `odo set namespace <name>`

↪ Running on the cluster in Dev mode
 •  Waiting for Kubernetes resources  ...
 ⚠  Pod is Pending
 ✓  Pod is Running
 ✓  Syncing files into the container [123ms]
 ✓  Building your application in container (command: install) [15s]
 •  Executing the application (command: run)  ...
 ✓  Waiting for the application to be ready [1s]
 -  Forwarding from 127.0.10.3:20001 -> 3000

↪ Dev mode
 Status:
 Watching for changes in the current directory /tmp/nodejs-debug-2

 Keyboard Commands:
[Ctrl+c] - Exit and delete resources from the cluster
     [p] - Manually apply local changes to the application on the cluster
```
</details>

:::note
If you are on macOS, you may not be able to run 2 podman sessions in parallel without defining a custom port mapping or custom address.

> By default, we use 127.0.0.1 address, so if 1 session is already using port 20001, the second session might also end up with port 20001 because macOS seems to think of it as a free port.

Author: Oh you're right. It's works well in parallel for both podman and cluster on 127.0.0.1(default), but fails for cluster on 0.0.0.0.
